1. What are the benefits of using CSS ?
ans:- CSS plays an important role, by using CSS you simply got to specify a repeated style for element once & use it multiple times as because 
      CSS will automatically apply the required styles.The main advantage of CSS is that style is applied consistently across variety of sites. 
      One instruction can control several areas which is advantageous.Web designers needs to use few lines of programming for every page improving
      site speed.Cascading sheet not only simplifies website development, but also simplifies the maintenance as a change of one line of code 
      affects the whole web site and maintenance time.It is less complex therefore the effort are significantly reduced.It helps to form 
      spontaneous and consistent changes.

2. What are the disadvantages of CSS ?
ans:- CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among  web browsers.With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with
      another. The web developers need to test for compatibility, running the program across multiple browsers.There exists a scarcity of security.
      After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers.The programing
      language world is complicated for non-developers and beginners. Different levels of CSS i.e. CSS, CSS 2, CSS 3 are often quite confusing.
      Browser compatibility (some styles sheet are supported and some are not).CSS works differently on different browsers. IE and Opera supports
      CSS as different logic.There might be cross-browser issues while using CSS.There are multiple levels which creates confusion for non-developers
      and beginners.

3. Name a few CSS style components
ans:- The components of css style are:
      1)Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.
      2)Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
      3)Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

4. What do you understand by CSS Opacity ?
ans:- The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the 
      opposite of transparency.

5. How can the background color of an element be changed ?
ans:- In CSS, we use the background-color property to specify the background color of an element. In the code snippet below, the entire color of 
      the web page is set using the background-color property.

6. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled ?
ans:- To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. You can use no-repeat value for the 
      background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once

7. What is the use of the background-position property ?
ans:- The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the 
      top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

8. Which property controls the image scroll in the background ?
ans:- background-attachment property, The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or
      is fixed.

9. Why should background and color be used as seperate properties ?
ans:-  There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and 
       if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

10. How to center block elements using CSS1 ?
ans:- To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto; Setting the width of the element will prevent it from stretching 
      out to the edges of its container.

11. What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page ?
ans:- 1) With an external file that you link to in your web page 2) By creating a CSS block in the web page itself; typically inserted at the top 
      of the web page in between the <head> and </head> tags 3) By inserting the CSS code right on the tag itself:

12. What is embedded style sheets ?
ans:- Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is done by embedding the 
      <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document

13. What are the external style sheets ?
ans:- An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple 
      webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

14. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets ?
ans:- Advantages
     1) The style of a few documents can be controlled from the site by utilizing them.
     2) Multiple HTML elements can have numerous documents, where classes can be made. 
     3) To assemble styles in complex circumstances, selector and grouping strategies are utilized.

     Disadvantages

     1) The additional download is expected to import documents having style information.
     2) To render the documents, the outer template ought to be stacked.
     3) Not practical for small style definitions.

15. What is the meaning of the CSS selector ?
ans:- A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements 
      should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

16. What are the media type allowed by CSS ?
ans:- Value	Description
     all	     Used for all media type devices
     print	Used for printers
     screen	Used for computer screens, tablets, smart-phones etc.
     speech	Used for screenreaders that "reads" the page out loud



